HIP-0024: Remove npm commands and add anchor link guidance (#1847)
helm/helm-www: README.md

To cut a new version:

> 1. Run `yarn docusaurus docs:version version-<version>`, where `<version>` is an integer that corresponds to a major Helm version. For example, if you want to publish new pre-release docs for Helm v5, then you can run `yarn docusaurus docs:version version-4` to copy the v4 docs content to a new `version-4` folder.

Reviewer: should be `yarn docusaurus docs:version 4` (not `version-4`). Also removed the part that repeats what you say the command does just below.

```suggestion
1. Run `yarn docusaurus docs:version <version>`, where `<version>` is an integer that corresponds to a major Helm version. For example, when we publish Helm 4.0.0 we will run `yarn docusaurus docs:version 4`.
```
